Feat: AI Sanitizer plugin (#1029)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/protect-sensitive-information-with-ai.md

tldr:
  q: How can I anonymize PII in requests using AI?
  a: Start an AI PII Anonymizer service, and enable the AI Sanitizer plugin to use this service to anonymize the specified information.

prereqs:
  entities:
    services:
      - example-service
    routes:
      - example-route
  inline:
    - title: OpenAI
      include_content: prereqs/openai
      icon_url: /assets/icons/openai.svg
    - title: AI PII Anonymizer service access
      content: |
        In this tutorial, we'll use the [AI PII Anonymizer service](https://hub.docker.com/r/kong/ai-pii-service) provided by Kong. Since this Docker image is private, you need to reach out to [Kong Support](https://support.konghq.com/support/s/) to get access.

        You can also use your own service.

      icon_url: /assets/icons/ai.svg

cleanup:
  inline:
    - title: Clean up Konnect environment
      include_content: cleanup/platform/konnect
      icon_url: /assets/icons/gateway.svg
    - title: Destroy the {{site.base_gateway}} container
      include_content: cleanup/products/gateway
      icon_url: /assets/icons/ai.svg

min_version:
  gateway: '3.10'

---

## 1. Start the Kong AI PII Anonymizer service

> Make sure you have [access to the service](#ai-pii-anonymizer-service-access) and run the following command to start it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have [access to the  AI PII service](#ai-pii-anonymizer-service-access), then run the following command to start it locally with Docker:
```
